Docs leftovers (#11668)
RasaHQ/rasa: docs/docs/monitoring/analytics/getting-started-with-analytics.mdx

- [PostgreSQL](#postgresql)
- [Redshift](#redshift)

Additionally, any data warehouse is supported if it is configured in sync with

> your deployment of PostgreSQL, [as we recommend it for Redshift](#streaming-from-postgresql-to-redshift).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
your deployment of PostgreSQL, [as recommended for Redshift](#streaming-from-postgresql-to-redshift).
```
